people don't understand that this is
something that's been going on forever
it's just the beginning of time people
been dancing it's just right now Randy
Jackson Howard it took people like them
to put this on a map so you think you
could dance america's best dance crew
dance with the Stars they all are
changing the game and it's not a
surprise to me it's not a shock because
I've been doing this all my life it's
just it's all about timing though
everything is perfect right now the
Jabbawockeez are super crew the fanny
packs it's all about timing they're
perfect right now and we're changing the
game and we haven't even seen the best
yet I tell you right now you see
Jabbawockeez you seen in fanny packs you
still haven't seen the best yet I love
those groups but I still think there's
somebody out there that's going to come
and rip the stage and don't change the
game and make us me like oh my god it
did after that somebody else is going to
come it never stopped because the dance
world we're always creating it's always
somebody in some cities sitting in a
dungeon we caused the dungeon but
they're in their basement creating
there's another dance crew right now
that's making some hot moves doing
something very creative this could
change the game probably two years from
now so do you think fanny pack has
influenced a lot of people oh man you
got to do season three fanny pack has
influenced the whole world because she a
lot of people don't know about that
style that they were doing you know yeah
there's a lot of people that dance like
that you know it means a lot of you to
dance like that that would never get the
opportunity to do a show like this they
came to change the game now we got
groups already are jesting with the same
vibe it's crazy packed now say that
they're better or worse but it's there
you can tell that they're influenced by
that and i love that i don't want all
breakers on his show I don't want all
poppers on his children I don't want all
fanny packs on this show I want
everybody to come out you know what I
mean because this show represents dance
we say hip-hop a hip-hop is universal it
could be anything Fred Astaire was hip
hop because he was co there you go so if
you got yours Fred Astaire moves all the
cars I grew up watching the best right I
grew up watching the best you know I
mean so I got I got a little bit
everything
a day you can play don't play those are
tummy what would will the audience
expect for season three I mean with all
with all the hype from season one and
two how do you how are you guys going to
keep that that vibe alight well you know
what of course they're going to expect
us to have better cruise better shows
better task for them or whatever you
know me but you know what once we get
these crews we really don't know what's
going to happen it kind of blows online
every time too so I just tell America to
just get ready for something spectacular
I've already saw some of the auditions
some of the crews are ten times better
than half the crew there was on season
one and two just get ready for somebody
to blow your mind and just be open to
this hip hop in this dance world and let
us do what we do we're going to always
shocked we're going to always amazed
because just dance growth is not
contained it's just it's all over it's
everywhere we can do what we want to do
and a lot of shows that you get they
have boundaries right in this world of
dance that we do there's no boundaries
so let's go always get better you know
what I mean the mort's the more the more
y'all support the better the show is
going to be I get I guarantee you that
because everybody thought season one was
going to fail and we changed the game
street hip-hop what do you mean
allhiphop doesn't know we changed the
game we just got off tour and it was a
smash we get ready for season three is
go Vince mass get ready for the next
tour I heard the Jabbawockeez was doing
a signing at a club or at a hotel or
Anna and they had the line of people
outside the hotel around the building
rapping twice twice for dance crew oh no
not Janet not Michael a dance trance
crew come on man so when are we going to
see them walk walk around the block and
wait for you to for them to sign your
otic now see what you don't know the
yellow no my other life there's a life
that I have when I go to different
places it's pandemonium y'all go see
that life but I don't show that I don't
want people I want people to see me do
my work right but there's a time when I
go to on the post there's this thing I
do call the post dance convention when I
walk out onstage is bananas when I go to
sign an autograph is but now I got it I
gotta actually
and two hours too much time just to sign
order whoa that's crazy I got the gun
play time dear Syria the video bent-over
Pole y'all know what I'm talking about
see and he doesn't mind cramping his
hand up a few signs autographs right but
honestly on the real i love this show i
love the game and i just love that
everybody's appreciating what we do and
it's about that time then we've been
doing this for a long time and much
respect to the old-school dancers the
new school dancers and everybody in
between all right yo what's up this is
shane sparks from america's best dance
crew and you're watching pacific rim
video over the shoulders get with me
baby